[DOC] Add Community documentation (#579)
conda-incubator/conda-store: docusaurus-docs/community/maintenance/saved-replies.md

---
description: Standard replies for interacting with contributors
---

# Saved replies

## Standard replies

It may be helpful to store some of these in [GitHub’s saved replies](https://github.com/settings/replies/) for faster access.

### Issue triaging

- **Self-contained example for bug**

  _action: add `needs: investigation 🔍` label_

  ```md

>   Thanks for reporting this and helping make Nebari better!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Thanks for reporting this and helping make conda-store better!
```
